hello my name is angelina and
Today I want to make out there is not a group
battery beetles
this is a song for some reason we all like
Of course they don't like her and I think
is that this song is for all times at all
places yes everywhere will suit many and know and
anastasia is really easy let's
I’ll finally start learning first
chord is code h
next comes the chord am
then chord g
and chord entrance
we all had the usual eight we
play half the battle for every chord
so again
that is, two blows down then on
next chord and century beats
we snow then 5th outwardly and the next
again up up neither snow nor media
this
if you like my analysis write
comments put likes subscribe
on my channel
I love everyone very much